docs(docs-readme): update docs-readme description of alternative CLI flag (#888)
ionic-team/stencil-site: src/docs/output-targets/docs-readme.md

};
```

Another option would be to use the `--docs` CLI flag, like so:

```bash
stencil build --docs
```

> This will cause the Stencil compiler to automatically add a `docs-readme`
> output target to your configuration, without having to save it in
> `stencil.config.ts`.
> 

Reviewer: This sentence may be a little confusing - it states it adds a docs-readme output target to your configuration, but could be a little clearer when it comes to this not being persisted in your `stencil.config.ts`.  What do you think about:

```suggestion
This will cause the Stencil compiler to perform a one-time generation of README
files using the [`docs-readme`](https://stenciljs.com/docs/docs-readme) output target.
```
